Overview
========
The Maha Platform is a cloud-based organizational operating system. Developed
for the Cornell Cooperative Extension, the Maha Platform integrates many of
the core systems required to manage a large, multi-faceted organization.

Organizational Operating System
-------------------------------
The Maha Platform is an organizational operating system. Just like Windows,
Android, Linux, and iOS provide environments for individuals to access, manage,
and manipulate their personal data, the Maha Platform provides an environment
for organizations to access, manage, and manipulate organizational data.

Cloud Based
-----------
The Maha Platform is could based. Instead of installing software on your
desktop, tablet, or smartphone, it is delivered to your device as a
mobile-first HTML5 web application. You can access the software via any web
browser on any modern computing device with access to the Internet.

Multitenant Architecture
------------------------
The Maha Platform is built upon a multi tenant architecture. Hosted within
Amazon's AWS infrastructure, the platform uses a variety of servers, databases,
and third party services to deliver is core Functionality. This infrastructure
is shared and balanced across all teams. Although they all share the same
hardware, however, all organizational data is partitioned by team and strictly
separated by software security.

Accounts & Users
----------------
Every person who logs into Maha has an account. Your account is where you
manage your password, your profile, connection to 3rd party applications
(Gogole Drive, Box, etc), and various security features. When a person is
assigned to a team, they become a user. An account may be connected to
several teams and hence have several users - one for each team.

Apps
----
Functionality in the Maha Platform is distributed across a collection smaller
bundles called apps. While apps are designed to operate independently of each
other, they frequently share data and cooperate to deliver an integrated
