Overview
========
The Maha Platform is designed upon a collection of core premises and approaches:

An Organizational Operating System
----------------------------------
The Maha Platform is an organizational operating system. Just like Windows,
Android, Linux, and iOS provide environments for individuals to access, manage,
and manipulate their personal data, the Maha Platform provides an environment
for organizations to access, manage, and manipulate organizational data.

Open Source Software
--------------------
The Maha Platform is developed as an open source project on
`GitHub <https://github.com/mahaplatform/mahaplatform.com>`_.
Built upon a collection of popular open source frameworks and technologies, the
Maha Platform is developed openly and transparently to facilitate collaboration
and peer review.

Cloud Based Delivery
--------------------
The Maha Platform is could based. Instead of installing software on your
desktop, tablet, or smartphone, it is delivered to your device as a
mobile-first HTML5 web application. You can access the software via any web
browser on any modern computing device with access to the Internet.

Multitenant Architecture
------------------------
The Maha Platform is built with a multi tenant architecture. Hosted within
Amazon's AWS infrastructure, the platform uses a variety of servers, databases,
and third party services to deliver is core Functionality. This infrastructure
is shared and balanced across all teams. Although they all share the same
hardware, however, all organizational data is partitioned by team and strictly
separated by software security.

Extensible Functionality
------------------------
The Maha Platform is infinitely extensible through its app framework which
enables developers to develop apps that plug in to the operating system.
Functionality is therefore distributed across a collection smaller
bundles called apps. While apps are designed to operate independently of each
other, they frequently share data and cooperate to provide a unified user
experience

Integrated Experience
---------------------
Rather than spreading your organizations data across a jigsaw of products and
services, the Maha Platform provides an integrated experience. Users are able
to access data across various use cases in one single application without
needing to manage multiple accounts, shuttle data back and forth, and pay
multiple service fees.
